rotor review alligator pizza 180
millimeters used this router
somewhere around a year and a half changed it
on shimano slx
because the rotor did not suit a little
having big cuts for good
cooling nonetheless
the rotor has proven itself badly with
the brakes of the shaman
I have brakes budget m 465 series
notes and working with Schwann brake
pads and hit for example there is moisture
mat rotor
for a very long time I cleaned it constantly
whistling buzzed scared people when braking
now i have shimano slx
Well, as if the problem has disappeared with
other brakes will work well
but I only got one
negative impressions back at me
shimano rotor too
they are a shaman alligator pizza 160
millimeters and so the same is watching
moisture problems
the rotor is very hard and normal
braking
I think to change again on the shaman sex
bolts